-Kino's Journey- Country of Embrace

The dirt kicked up behind the motorrad Hermes' wheels as he and the traveler Kino followed the dirt road to their next destination.

"To tell you the truth Hermes, this next country has a strange reputation among travelers." Kino told her partner.

"Really? What do they say?" Hermes asked, curious.

"Most just say it's strange, though one thing in particular caught my interest." Kino explained. "Someone told me it was a very loving country."

"Loving? What do you think they mean by that?" Hermes asked.

"I don't know, they wouldn't say more." Kino then smirked, and remarked, "But that just makes me more eager to arrive."

Hermes sighed. "Kino, you're going to get us kidnapped someday. I'll be scrapped, and you'll be someone's servant making their breakfast every morning."

"I doubt that, Hermes." Kino stated, matter-of-factly.

"Why's that? You seem reckless enough to me."

"It's not that Hermes." Kino smiled, "I'm just a horrible cook."

***

Kino and Hermes soon arrived at the country, it's towering walls dwarfing the two as they stared in awe. Kino walked up to the entrance gate, and the guard spotted them. Strangely, the guard seemed to be wearing very casual attire.

"Welcome traveler!" The guard exclaimed, greeting them. "And what brings you to our wonderful country?"

"My name is Kino, and this motorrad here is Hermes." Kino introduced.

"Hey there." Hermes casually remarked.

"We're on a journey, and would like to spend 3 days here. Would that be okay?" Kino asked the guard.

"Most certainly! In fact, 3 days may not be nearly enough for you! Stay as long as you wish!" The guard enthusiastically remarked, in his shrill voice.

"Thank you, but 3 days will be plenty." Kino stated.

"Well, as you wish, traveler." The guard bowed, then pulled a large lever. The gate slowly began to lower, and light poured through the cracks. As the gate reached it's lowest, Kino and Hermes gasped at the beauty of the vast country's cityscape.

"Welcome, traveler." The guard smiled. "To the Country of Embrace."

***

Kino and Hermes walked slowly past the large wooden gate, taking in the sight of a wonderfully beautiful city, with a large fountain at its enter and beautiful cottages. Several cherry trees dotted the empty areas, creating a wondrously surreal scene of falling pink petals.

The entire town seemed to have gathered in the square, welcoming Kino and Hermes with a grand celebration. "Welcome, traveler!" They chanted in unison, causing Kino to feel slightly uneasy.

"Wow, what a grand welcome! I could get used to this!" Hermes told Kino, happily.

"I don't know Hermes, this seems rather strange." Kino whispered to her partner. "Last time we got a welcome like this..."

"Oh lighten up Kino, that won't ever happen again! It's more likely this country is just crazy." Hermes laughed, but Kino remained straight-faced for a moment. Then, she just smiled.

"Yeah, I guess you're right." Kino popped Hermes' kickstand, let him go and looked towards the people of the country. "Thank you all for the kind welcome, I very much appreciate it. Do any of you know where I can find a place to stay?"

The crowd quickly roared, as every member of the country seemed to suggest their own house. Kino noticed something strange about the people volunteering, though. They were all men. In fact, on closer inspection, so was the entire crowd. The few women or children that were present were not speaking a peep.

"I appreciate your hospitality, but I would prefer an inn of some sort. I wouldn't want to impose on any of you." Kino nervously stated, but the entire crowd didn't seem to pay and heed to her words.

"Kino, why are they all volunteering like this? That seems rather strange." Hermes asked, clearly thinking the same as Kino.

"I don't know. Frankly, I wouldn't mind too much, but these cottages seem awfully small for a family and myself to stay." Kino noted, looking towards one of the pretty, but tiny houses that surrounded them.

"Don't worry about that, traveler." One of the men walked up next to them, smiling. "These houses are plenty large enough for you and one man."

"What? You mean everyone here lives alone?" Kino asked, confused.

"Yes, traveler. You see, females are scarce here. We rely on travelers immigrating to make sure we can keep our population up for the next generation." The man laughed. "Were you not told that coming in?"

"No, that piece of info was left out." Kino stated, looking back at the gate. It had since closed, with the guard nowhere to be seen. "And I'm beginning to think that was intentional."

"Most travelers don't take too kindly to our struggle and turn around, so our guard started to neglect mentioning it to them." The man said, smiling. "I'm very sorry he did that to you, but we cannot allow you to go back on your promise to stay for at least 3 days."

"Kino, this doesn't seem like a very fair agreement to me." Hermes quipped. Kino just kicked him, and smirked.

"I see. Well, I suppose I'll be staying here for the next 3 days then." Kino stated, looking towards the crowd. "But I cannot help you with your struggle. I am a traveler, and will remain so."

"That is very much okay, I do sincerely apologize for the confusion." The man stated, his smile turning to a frown. "Let me make amends by offering my very own home to you as lodgings."

"I appreciate that, thank you." Kino thanked the man, releasing Hermes' kickstand and holding him up, "I hope you don't mind me bringing Hermes along as well."

"Not at all, Kino." The man said, smiling again. "Anything you need, please just let me know. My house is the one furthest from the square, across from a similar fountain to this one. You'll recognize it as the pink one labeled ‘Country lead'."

Hermes gasped, "Kino, what an honor! Staying at the head of the country's house!"

"Yes, an honor indeed." Kino smiled at the man, who smiled back. But there was only one thing the two's smiles shared.

They were both fake.

***

Kino wheeled Hermes into the cottage, which was larger than most of the houses in the country but still rather small for something as prestigious as the "country lead". It was furnished sparsely, if Kino didn't already know, she'd have taken it for the house of a common man.

The country lead walked in soon after. "Welcome to my humble abode." He said, merrily. "I hope it's not too small for your tastes, traveler."

"No, I'm used to staying in inns far smaller than this. It'll be plenty." Kino said, smiling. "Do you live alone here?"

"Yes, I do. It may seem strange for me to be one of the people in this country with no companions, but it doesn't bother me." The man smiled. "Rather, it's quite a relief."

"Hmm? In what way is that?" Hermes asked, curiously.

"Freedom." The man stated, bluntly. "You see, as much as I'd love to share my vast wealth with another, that would limit my ability to do as I wish."

"I see." Kino said, losing her smile.

"Does that bother you, traveler?" The man asked.

"No, not at all." Kino replied, "I'm simply astonished by how selfish one man could be."

"Well, how rude." The man laughed, sitting down in a nearby chair. "And yet, you're not wrong. Stay as long as you like, traveler. It may be nice to have some company for a change."

"Kino is very boring, so probably not." Hermes joked. Kino simply let go of his handles, letting him fall to the ground. "How terrible."

"I'd appreciate if you didn't drop your partner on my floor."

All of them laughed. Well, except Hermes of course. And unlike last time, these smiles were genuine.

"Well, I best be on my way. I have to do my rounds as leader." The man said, getting up from his chair and heading to the door.

Kino picked up Hermes, much to the motorrad's pleasure, and began to follow the man. "Would you mind if we tagged along? I would love to see more of your country."

"Not at all, I'd be delighted to show you." The man said, smiling. He opened the door, and stepped out of the way. "After you, traveler."

Kino left the house, wheeling Hermes along with her. "Kino, I'm confused." The motorrad whispered. "I was getting the feeling you were against this country, but now you seem fine with him."

"First impressions are important Hermes." Kino answered. "But so are second ones."

***

"This country was only founded just recently, by a group of traveling merchants." The man explained, as he and Kino walked under the cherry trees that lined the town's plaza. "We wanted to create the perfect country for our trade, and we stumbled upon the ruins of an ancient civilization. In the spirit of recycling, we made it our home."

"That's an interesting story, but why the lack of women?" Hermes asked.

"You see, we as merchants didn't bring our wives and children along with us. Many of us never even had such people to begin with. A few went back for their loved ones and brought them here, but most of us are just lonely." The man explained, laughing. "Like me, of course."

"You're a nice enough guy, I'm surprised at that." Kino said, smiling.

The man smiled back. "Well, perhaps if I met the right girl. But they'd have to be rather independent, I don't want anyone treading on my private time."

Kino and the man both laughed, and started to exit the tree garden. They reached the main plaza, where confetti was falling from the sky and bells rang throughout the country. "Ah, I see a marriage is taking place right now, actually." The man said, as they approached a church-like building. Many people had gathered for what looked like, well, a wedding.

A man and woman stood atop the building's large staircase. Presumably the bride and groom, the two seemed happy, and had their arms linked. The woman wore a beautiful blue dress, whereas her partner was wearing a black tuxedo.

"Kino, they look happy, but I thought this country kidnapped people to marry." Hermes asked. Kino quickly shushed him for being rude, but the village leader just laughed.

"Well, that may be true to an extent." The man said. "But anyone who does not wish to partake in our country is free to leave, we simply ask you consider our proposal."

"That's much more honorable than I initially thought." Kino said, happily. She was mostly just relieved she wouldn't be kidnapped. "I hope you find many travelers to help you grow your beautiful country."

"As do I." The man said, chuckling nervously. "If you'll excuse me, I probably should go congratulate the two of them. I'll be right back." The man walked away from Kino and Hermes, heading up the steps as the two travelers watched the festivities in awe.

"I like this idea of the country much more, Kino." Hermes said.

"You shouldn't." Kino and Hermes quickly turned around to see an older woman, maybe in her sixties, standing behind them. "It's all a farce."

"A farce, you say? In what way is that?" Kino asked, nervously.

"This country kidnaps you, makes you love it here, gets you married to one of their perfect men, and then once you have a few kids, abandons you." The woman explained, clearly on the verge of tears. Kino and Hermes, though, were confused.

"But I thought this country was only founded recently." Hermes asked.

"It was, technically. Only about 10 years ago." The woman answered.

"But if the country makes you love it so much you stay, is that really kidnapping?" Kino asked.

"Yes!" The woman screamed. "It's all a trap! I could've been the greatest traveler in the world if not for this godforsaken hellhole of a country!"

"Kino!" The village leader yelled, running down the steps. Kino turned to him, but Hermes screamed as well.

"Kino, dodge! Hurry!" Hermes yelled. Kino quickly jumped out of the way, falling to the ground. As she looked up, she saw the reflection of her face in the steel of a knife, which the mysterious woman had pulled. The village lead quickly took the knife from the woman's hands, and a few guards pinned her to the ground.

The woman screamed as they struggled to hold her down, "release me!" She cried, "I need to save this child from the agony I went through!"

"I don't think stabbing is the way to do that." Hermes remarked, as Kino breathed heavily, clearly in shock. "Are you alright Kino?"

"I'm fine, Hermes." Kino said, taking a deep breath. "That was scary."

"I'm so very sorry, traveler, this woman is insane. She only just recently was divorced by her husband, and she blames our country for it." The village lead explained. The guards seemed to have gotten control of the situation, and were now carrying the woman away. The crowd of the wedding seemed to still be quiet, but had mostly returned to watching the festivities.

"It's okay." Kino said, taking another deep breath. "I was worried for a second you were lying to me again."

"Traveler, you don't need to fear. You will be fully permitted to leave whenever you see fit." The village lead said, smiling. "I hope this didn't give you a poor opinion of our country."

"Not at all, thank you. I'll be leaving in two days, as scheduled. Until then, please continue to guide me." Kino said, now smiling in relief.

"As you wish, Kino."

***

Two days quickly passed by, and Kino and Hermes spent the rest of their time in the country exploring the nature and beauty of the sights. The village lead guided them, taking them to various hot spots and museums, as well as diners. Kino especially enjoyed the desserts the country offered, and had eaten quite a few, much to the village lead's surprise. It was a fun time, and many laughs were shared.

Soon, the time for the travelers to depart had arrived, and Kino and Hermes went to the exit gate, accompanied by the village lead.

"Thank you very much for the hospitality, I really appreciate it. I had a lot of fun." Kino said, as she hopped onto Hermes and started his engine.

"The pleasure was all mine." The man said, smiling. "At first, I was disappointed as I knew you weren't staying, but I had enough fun to make up for it ."

"What a couple of lovebirds." Hermes quipped, causing Kino to kick him. "Ouch."

"You know, that's not such a bad idea." The village head said, causing Hermes to gasp. "What do you say Kino?"

"I'm sorry, but I am a traveler, and that's what I plan to continue to be." Kino said, "but I'm flattered."

"Kino, please. Consider it. I will do everything I can to make you happy, far more than a simple journey!" The man pleaded.

"I'm sorry, I'm not going to stay here." Kino said, bluntly.

"But Kino, plea-" The man started, but Kino had pulled her gun, and had it aimed squarely at the man's chest.

"No means no."

The man finally backed down, sighing. "I wish you good luck then, Kino. I hope to someday see you again."

Kino placed her gun back in its holster and smiled, took Hermes' kickstand off and rode past the gate.

***

"Kino, why did you reject his offer? You could've been a village leader, and he had the hots for you, of all people!" Hermes asked Kino, as the two rode towards nowhere in particular.

"Hermes, as much as it may have seemed, that man didn't love me. He was simply lonely." Kino explained, "he would have asked the same question to any woman who spent a day having fun with him."

"What's wrong with that? It would still be great after a bit." Hermes explained. "You had good chemistry."

"Hermes, I know nothing about love, but you know even less than that. You're a motorrad." Kino said, laughing, "You never know what could happen. I could have ended up alone like that insane lady after a year."

"That seems like a weird thing to fear." Hermes said, but Kino just smiled.

"Maybe, but even so, there was only one thing he said that I really related to."

"What's that?" Hermes asked.

"Being alone is a relief." Kino said, smiling.

Hermes sighed. "How selfish."

"How rude." Kino said. But then she just laughed. "And yet, you're not wrong."

-Country of Embrace- end
