-Kino's Journey- The Honest Truth

The stars of the night shone over Kino and Hermes, but the trees of the forest shrouded them from view as they camped out by the fire. Kino was laying in thought, her eyes closed but her mind alert in case anyone tried to get the jump on them while they were vulnerable.

"Kino, are you still awake?" Hermes asked his partner.

"At the moment." Kino answered. "What's the matter?"

"Nothing really, I was just curious what was on your mind." Hermes said, a curious tone in his voice.

"Honestly, I don't think I really have much to say right now." Kino replied. "I'm just pondering about the world itself, really."

"Hmm, and what about the world?" Hermes asked.

"Well, let's see." Kino said, thinking for a moment. "How about this one: Why do people value honesty so much, but only for others?"

"What do you mean?" Hermes asked, confused.

"People are perfectly content to lie when it benefits them, but when they are lied to, they don't take it kindly. It's a bit hypocritical to me." Kino explained. 

"What, are you saying you want people to lie to you?" Hermes asked.

"Well, no, I'm just saying that if people want honesty so badly, why are they so hesitant to provide it themselves?" Kino said.

"I feel like we've met enough selfish people on our journey for you to understand the answer to that. Humans are very selfish creatures. Frankly, you scare me." Hermes said.

"Sure, but we've also met selfless people as well, so that's not really a sound argument." Kino retorted.

"It's impossible for us to know if they were truly selfless or or simply after some ulterior motive they didn't tell us." Hermes explained. 

Kino chuckled. "Assuming the worst in everyone is a very depressing worldview, Hermes."

"Then how should I look at it? Assuming the best will get us killed." Hermes said. 

Kino just smiled. "Perhaps you're right." She said, before turning over to her side.

"Finally going to bed?" Hermes asked.

"Do you want the honest answer, or the one that makes you happier?" Kino asked, smiling.

"I don't think I'd be able to tell the difference between the honest answer and the lie, honestly." Hermes said.

"Well, that proves one part of my theory." Kino said.

"And what part is that?" Hermes asked.

"If they never find out the truth, a lie is just as honest as the truth." Kino said, chuckling.

"Well, that's just plain wrong." Hermes said, annoyed.

Kino laughed. "You said it yourself, Hermes. You'd never be able to tell."

"What a terrible person you are, Kino." Hermes said.

"Go to sleep, Hermes." Kino said, smiling. "We have to go to the next country tomorrow, and I don't want you sleeping in."

"Fine, good night." Hermes said. "Please don't stay up too long thinking about these things."

Kino laughed. "I won't."

And the traveler and her partner drifted off, their next adventure just beyond the horizon.

-Interlude "The Honest Truth" end-
